Every person has their own opinion of what a good teacher is. For me, the best
kind of teacher is someone who enjoys the subject they are teaching. They generally care
for their students, and want to see them succeed in their class. At the begining of each
school year I would always be excited to see who my teachers were going to be. I would
hope for someone who would make the classroom a fun place to be but still teach me
things at the same time. I needed a teacher who could explain things to me clearly, and
help me out until I fully understood. A teacher who loves their job and trys to make
learning fun is definitely the best kind of teacher. I found these qualities in teacher helped
me learn more and made me actually want to come to school every morning.
Many of the teachers' I had in school were not always pleasant during class. This
made me think that many of them did not like the class they were teaching and were not
always happy to be there. When a teacher acts like this, it makes me think that they do
not enjoy the subject they are teaching. When I was in eleventh grade I had a class called
environmental studies. The women that teached this class was always happy to see us, her
student's, everyday. She was always enthusiastic about her class and wanted us to care, as
much as she did, about the environment. One day in class she had us pick an outdoor
place that we loved to visit. For me this was a place where my family own a house, on a
lake, in maine. Then she would explain to us what would happen to these places if we did
not stop hurting the environment with pollution and such things. This, for me, really hit
hard because I was devestated to think that one day this place would no longer exsist.
This teacher always made me think hard about things I could do to help save the
environment. Because of this teacher and how enthusiastic she was about her class, I
recycle every week and want to help save the environment. When a teacher is this
devoted to the subject they are teaching and loves the work they do, I really get drawn
into a subject and really want to learn in that class.
For me a teacher that cares for their students' and wants to see them succeed is the
very best. This means that they will offer any help they can to someone who needs it.
During my highshcool years I had a sleeping disorder which caused me to miss many
classes in the morning. On top of that, I also have fibromialga which cause me to have
chronic neck pain. So, many days out of the year I was home sick. A lot of the teachers I
had just shrugged this probelm off. They just thought I was making this disease I had up
so I would not have to come to school. When the work load started to pile up, most of my
teachers' said good luck and sent me on my way. They thought that it was my fault for
missing so many classes and I should just deal with it on my own. But one teacher I had
seemed to understand my problem more than the others. She would allow me to come see
her any day after shcool that I need to, to help me with make up my work. She would
always say, "Kristen, you are not leaving here until I am sure you understand the subject
at hand." This really showed me how much she cared about me and my education. I
ended up excelling in this one particular class. I needed more teachers like this so that
whenever I needed some extra help, they would be there to give it to me. This quality in a
teacher is hard to find. I feel when a teacher cares about the welfare of their students' and
wants to help them succeed, they are really a good teacher.
